(static)
Ushio?
-Oh, my god! Hizuru!
-Oh.
Oh, thank god! Hizuru, you're alive again!
(gasps)
Nezu, wait! Let me explain!
Don't you know
Kofune's daughter died yesterday?
You're working
with the shadows, aren't you?
HIZURU: Stop it, Nezu. Take it easy.
-NEZU: Hm?
-(gasps)
So I died, is that right?
Yes.
HIZURU: I understand.
So whatever world
you observe becomes real.
Four-Arm said that, didn't he?
Yeah, but I have no idea
why I'm able to do that.
Well, if your right eye
really did belong to Heine,
then that eye must be made of shadows.
(gasps)
HIZURU: Do you don't remember
when it was printed?
No, I'm not sure.
It was probably after I came back
to the island, though.
Hm. All the pieces are finally starting
to fit together.
Ushioh, I'm pretty sure
you gave Shinpei that eye.
HIZURU: It was you.
You... You think it was me?
What are you talking about?
Why do you think you failed again
during the last loop?
Well, for one, we were totally split up,
and we acted separately
after we beat Mio's shadow.
So this time,
all of us need to work together.
NEZU: Hey.
You're right. We're a team.
Wait, Hizuru.
(warbling)
(gasps)
That... That was...
Nezu, Ushioh's on our side.
And she was on our side
until the very end.
USHIO: Nagu. Can you hear me?
HIZURU: That explains the message,
not to mention the situation
with Shinpei's right eye.
-I trust you, Ushioh.
-(gasps)
Ms. Nagumo.
It's human nature to believe
all kinds of fiction, you know?
Whether it's schemes,
dreams, religion, or stories.
That's why I decided to be a novelist.
Uh, yeah, but you know I'm real, right?
(chuckles)
HIZURU: I'm aware of that.
SHINPEI: That's the first time
I've seen Ms. Nagumo smile.
Huh. So you two are risking
your lives just like us?
HIZURU: That monster, Four-Arm,
is he trying to bring Heine back to life?
SHINPEI: Well, at the summer festival,
Four-Arm did feed Heine
a lot of innocent people.
I don't know what happens
after the ceremony.
But he referred to it as "ending."
NEZU: That huge body
you were talking about,
it's Hiruko's true form.
And the shadow at Shiori's feet
is just a part of that.
That's why we couldn't kill her,
no matter how damn hard we tried.
Shiori isn't all that much
of a fighter, though.
She walks, and that's it.
Hiruko is way too weak
to leave her underground lair.
SHINPEI: Could this be our way out?
So what's the plan, then?
SHINPEI: Well, I wanna go underground
and kill Heine's true form,
but if we don't beat Four-Arm,
it'll probably just end up
like the last loop.
Plus, I'm really worried about Mio.
And then there's Sou.
Gotta come up with a plan for him, too.
Maybe we should try to catch Shiori
at Koba Mart like last time.
(gasps)
But you can't kill her.
What's the point of catching her?
Yeah, but I might be able to erase her.
(theme music)
What a shame, it just so...
MIO: Yeah, I feel a lot better
than I did yesterday.
It's 'cause Shinpei's back.
It's so good to see him.
Oh.
-(sobs)
-TOKIKO: Huh.
Oh, what is it you need, Sou?
I need to talk to Dad. It's about Ushio.
DR. HISHIGATA: Get out of here.
I don't have time for that.
SHADOW CHITOSE: Seido, you...
Don't worry about him, okay?
Make some time for him, will you? Huh?
DR. HISHIGATA:
Negoro, you take care of it.
Mm?
Dad, wait!
Come to my room at ten o'clock tonight.
I'll give you five minutes.
-(door closes)
-Huh?
Thanks a lot, Mom.
Of course, but what's this about?
SOU: Uh, nothing much.
That's right. Shinpei Ajiro has decided
to look into the shadow sickness.
What the hell's going on?
First, it was Ushio Kofune,
now it's Hizuru Minakata.
I don't understand why people
are so determined to pry into this.
FOUR-ARM: Well, for what it's worth,
I don't think it's a coincidence
that Hizuru Minakata is back.
And my guess is Ushio must have
contacted Shinpei somehow.
DR. HISHIGATA: Do you think it's true
that Ushio's shadow wasn't erased
and is still out there somewhere?
FOUR-ARM: Don't worry about it.
We'll find it and we'll erase it.
We'll just have to get
to her family first.
DR. HISHIGATA:
Turn the Kofune family into shadows?
FOUR-ARM: Yes, that's the plan,
and that includes Shinpei Ajiro.
Hm? What is it? I'll be right there.
Hello? You still there?
My mother needs me right now.
-I got to go.
-(line beeps)
(Dr. Hishigata sighs)
(scoffs)
Mama's boy.
We have a report from Kinokawa City.
It's time to hear
all about the delicious treats
and offerings that await Wakayama's...
KOBA MART
YOMOGIMOCHI
HIZURU: You're up, Ryunosuke.
Wait, did you say you can erase Shiori?
In the last loop, I swear
I could feel Heine coming right for me,
and trying really hard
to mess with my head.
So maybe I can reverse that somehow.
Do you really think you can do that?
Not gonna lie, I don't get it,
but it seems like it's worth a try.
Oh. I really wanna put
that thing down myself, though.
Last time, Nezu told me something.
SHINPEI: He said that a shadow
killed Ryunosuke 14 years ago,
and that there were ligature marks
on his neck.
That can't be just a coincidence.
Did Heine kill him?
That's right. And Heine was actually
a friend of mine.
-What?
-Your friend?
(phone buzzing)
SHINPEI: Oh. It's Mio.
HIZURU: Answer it. We can talk more later.
I wanna hear her voice!
Hey, let me answer it!
-(Ushioh chuckles)
-Knock it off!
I was just kidding.
(grunts)
SHINPEI: She's alive. This phone vibrating
means Mio has to be alive.
I'm not going to let Mio die again.
SHINPEI: Hello?
HIZURU: If we repeat
everything we did last time,
we'll end up with the same result.
Which means,
we'll capture Heine with Plan B.
She took you and Asako from me.
So she's definitely our top priority.
If it wasn't for her, then Ushio Kofune
and the others would still be alive.
Let's end this, Ryunosuke.
Roger that. Thanks, Sis.
Are you ready, Nezu?
I was ready before you were even born.
USHIOH: I'm good to go, Shinpei.
SHINPEI: Four-Arm protects Heine.
And we're actually going to be able
to erase her. Here and now.
Then we can save everyone
from the end of that festival.
Hi! Oh, Hizuru!
Hey, did I catch you at dinner...
I mean, excuse me, I had some gifts.
SHADOW ASAKO:
Aw! You really didn't have to do that.
Oh, please, come on in.
HIZURU: Thanks a lot.
Okay, there's no one around.
You can come out, Ushioh.
-(grunts)
-Whoa.
You're a shape-shifter
and you're handy in a fight.
You remind me of Pretty Cure.
Uh, seriously? I always wanted
to be just like a Pretty Cure
-when I was a tiny little girl!
-SHINPEI: You know about Pretty Cure?
My granddaughter was obsessed with it.
-Wait. I just realized...
-Huh?
USHIOH: It's gonna blow your mind!
-(static)
-SHINPEI: Whoa!
Is that the nail gun
that Four-Arm destroyed?
Huh? So that means you can...
bring all the data you were able to scan
from the last loop to the next one.
I know. Isn't it great?
Yeah, it's great. You're amazing, Ushioh.
That's the outfit
you scanned last time, isn't it?
PARISIENNE
It's too bad, though.
I wish it wasn't broken like this.
NEZU: It should be fine.
Since I have the original right here,
and it works great.
SHINPEI: Nezu brought two different guns.
His own nailgun, gun A,
and my nailgun, gun B.
Ushioh scans the data from nailgun B.
She overwrites the old data,
then destroys the original.
Oh?
SHINPEI: Now I can use nailgun B again.
We'll hold off on copying nailgun A,
because Ushioh can't store
any more data right now.
Ryunosuke went in five minutes ago.
It's almost time for him to tell us
to switch to Plan B.
That's right, then two minutes later,
Shiori will come down
from that balcony there.
SHINPEI: The third shot misses,
and then she'll run,
but I jump out and catch her
by the green flag.
Then, finally, I'll erase her.
Mm.
But first, we gotta wait for Ryunosuke.
(glass shattering)
(thrilling music)
(groans)
What the...
Ugh!
Get out of here. Run away.
-Ms. Nagumo!
-Hey!
This isn't like the last July 22nd.
Ah, I see all of you got together.
Hiz... Hizuru!
It... Impossible. It can't be.
Why is he... You shouldn't even be here!
You just don't know how to play fair,
do you, Shinpei?
What the...
I told you, remember?
I said, "I found you."
See that thing on your arm?
I made that mark, so I can find you
no matter what world you're in.
You get it now? You see,
I've been following you this whole time.
SHADOW SHIORI: Didn't our eyes meet
at the end of the summer festival?
-(Shinpei gasps)
-Surprise. I can loop back, too.
SHADOW SHIORI: And, of course,
I knew you would come here
because I read all of Ryunosuke's memories
from the last time.
This isn't happening.
The truth is, we don't need two observers.
-FOUR-ARM: It's either Mother...
-(chuckles)
...or you.
The one who survives controls fate
and they will decide, which world is real!
Bring it on! Your ass is grass!
NEZU: Three shots... Huh?
The three shots from the nail gun,
they didn't stop him.
No!
FOUR-ARM: Huh?
USHIOH: If I scan everything,
it'll disappear.
I'll have to settle for one arm!
-(static)
-(thuds)
(scoffs)
Whatever.
HEINE: This is just a friendly
little greeting, Shinpei Ajiro.
You can loop back
as many times as you like.
I'll find you every single time,
no matter what.
And in the end, that power
will be mine and mine alone.
SHINPEI: I was careless.
I guess I should have known
the enemy might have the same power I do.
Heine came from the summer festival.
And those two lost their lives
because I was careless.
Ushioh! Where are you?
USHIOH: I'm right here!
Sorry. Did your neck hurt?
I tried to make it as quick as possible.
Thank you, Ushioh. I'm doing all right.
That was quick thinking.
What about you, Ushioh?
I was really worried about you back there.
USHIOH: I thought I might be able
to figure out
who Four-Arm actually was,
but there was nothing.
(gasps)
USHIOH: There was no data to be found.
How does it even move?
I don't know.
Four-Arm does smell
really similar to Heine.
SHINPEI: Can we beat an enemy
who can loop back?
USHIOH: Heine's just probably
taking advantage of the powers you have.
That means she'll loop
to the same place as us.
I know we can win this.
We're on a level playing field.
-(Shinpei grunts)
-USHIOH: What?
SHINPEI: Thanks, Ushioh.
(raindrops pattering)
BISTRO KOFUNE
What the...
USHIOH: This is our house. That's weird.
Even if our starting point changed,
when were we ever here?
Uh, wait a sec.
This doesn't make any sense.
July 22nd was a sunny day.
RYUNOSUKE: Hey, hold on.
Hey, just hold on a minute. Wait up, Sis.
(gasps)
I think that's...
Wait, no way. Ms. Nagumo?
USHIOH: No point thinking about it.
Shinpei! Come on, let's follow them!
Yeah.
Huh? Whoa!
Uh... We're inside now.
RYUNOSUKE:
Oh, man. Looks super busy today.
Oh, Hizuru, hi there. Hi, Ryunosuke.
So these two really are Ms. Hizuru
and her twin brother Ryunosuke.
USHIOH: What's going on?
SHINPEI: When I died the first time,
something similar happened.
-AKEMI: Hi, welcome. Table for two?
-Uh...
Ah. Why are you wearing
an apron today, huh, Akemi?
Because it's Bistro Kofune's
tenth anniversary today,
so the whole island came in here
to eat this morning.
RYUNOSUKE: Oh, is that right?
Well, congratulations!
Thanks a lot!
So, yeah, thought I'd help out.
Mm, it's Mom?
USHIOH: Oh, wow, it really is Akemi.
That means this must be the past.
SHINPEI: Fourteen years ago.
When I died the first time, I was with Mio
and the same thing happened.
I was transported to the beach,
the one where you died.
It was the past, and I saw everything.
That must've been Mio's memory.
Then, do you think
this is Ms. Nagumo's memory?
Dessert's on the house today!
(chuckles)
Awesome!
I don't like crowds,
I think I'm gonna go home.
-Uh...
-Hey, just wait a second!
-Asako. You're here.
-It's a special day for Bistro Kofune.
We should celebrate together!
I don't see the point
in making some huge fuss over it.
Are you really going to go home, though?
How can you be
so cold and heartless, Hizuru?
Well, I am human, so I do have a heart,
but I wanna leave right now, okay?
SHINPEI: It's pretty amazing,
Ms. Nagumo really hasn't changed a bit.
AKEMI: Sure thing.
-Uh...
-Ugh!
Happy tenth anniversary, Bistro Kofune!
You should just leave.
Oh, look. Hizuru.
You look so darn happy to see me.
I'm flattered.
Ah, Toru and Masahito, thanks so much.
KARIKIRI: Wow.
Those ten years just flew by.
Alain, your food is always fantastic.
Here's to ten more, don't change a thing.
Hey, you looked in a mirror recently?
You haven't shaved, your hair's a mess.
Oh, sorry. I forgot.
(laughter)
USHIOH: Wow, your dad came, too.
This must've been quite a day.
SHINPEI: Yeah, it's amazing.
They're moving.
Their voices. Gestures.
That's how they were.
USHIOH: What did your parents do
for a living, Shinpei?
SHINPEI: They were marine archeologists.
They worked underwater.
So, Masahito, are you really
officially a priest now?
Yeah. I have plenty to learn,
but I'm doing my best.
How about you, Toru? What's new?
I'm thinking about diving down
to that place I mentioned before.
Hitogashima just has
so much unique history.
I'm so glad I decided to move here.
Food's not half bad, either.
(laughter)
Hmm...
Hey, Ryu, what's up?
Why's Hizuru so grumpy?
Well, truth is, it's actually my fault.
(Hizuru sighs)
I knew I never should have told you.
ASAKO: Huh? What is it?
Well, she... she says she made
a new friend recently.
What!?
That's what I said!
So then I told her she was just dreaming.
And I said it must've been
an imaginary friend, and she got all mad.
Ryu, come on, that's so mean!
-But I don't believe it, either.
-Hey.
Kidding, kidding.
Sorry, Hizuru, I believe you, I swear.
You're joking?
I don't need some clown to believe me.
RYUNOSUKE: Hey, come on,
she didn't mean it like that, Hizuru.
ASAKO: Forget it, it's fine, Ryu.
Tell me about your friend.
We don't even have 20 kids
in our whole school, though.
Where did you meet someone new?
-Mt. Takanosu.
-(Shinpei gasps)
SHINPEI: The setting, it changed again.
HISHIGATA CLINIC
USHIOH: Shinpei. This place Is...
Yeah. It's the Hishigata Clinic.
RYUNOSUKE:
Are you sure she was really here?
ASAKO: Is she from the island?
HIZURU: I think so.
RYUNOSUKE: You think?
She's probably not exactly
from our time, though.
HIZURU: You'll understand.
She usually appears right about now.
-Hm?
-Uh?
HIZURU: Look there.
The light on the second floor
should turn on soon.
-It's gotta be a ghost, you guys.
-(Asako gasps)
Ugh, this is too creepy.
People say this whole place
is haunted, you know?
I don't see anyone.
Well, I guess maybe
she isn't coming today.
ASAKO: Hizuru, we should head back.
Our parents will get worried.
RYUNOSUKE: It won't be safe to go back
once it gets dark.
Look, I promised I would meet her today.
I keep promises.
-(sighs)
-Hizuru!
Okay, I'll take you home, Asako.
Sometimes Sis gets all stubborn like this.
(gasps)
SHINPEI: Are you serious?
Good evening...
Heine.
(closing theme music)